So now let's talk about
the AWS customer carbon footprint tool,
which is a tool that's used to track, measure, review,
and forecast your carbon emissions
generated from your AWS usage.
So this is very helpful
if you need to meet some sustainability goals.
So this tool is going to give you access
to your carbon emissions, your savings,
and understanding which services
is emitting a lot of carbon,
as well as tracking your emissions over time
and seeing the path to 100% renewable energy
used for your AWS accounts.
So if you go under your billing
and cost management platform,
I prefer to type in the search "carbon".
And then under features,
you will find the customer carbon footprint tool,
which is going to take you directly where this tool is,
and it may move, so this is why I use the search bar here.
So here you get access to a start month and end month.
You get access to your emission summary,
your savings by geography and by services,
and in the bottom you see some statistics.
I'm not sure why I don't have data here
but I had data beforehand in 2021,
and we can see your emissions over time
as well as your path to 100% renewable energy.
Alright, so that's it, I hope you like this lecture,
and I will see you in the next lecture.